chapter 3
grazing bassinee the sheep of jetró
his father-in-law priest mariana took the
sheep through the desert and arrived
to the mountain of god and it appeared to him
the angel of jehova in a flame of fire
in the middle of a bush and he looked and saw
that the bramble was in play and the bramble
it was not consumed then moses said look
I now and I will see this great division
because it causes the bush does not burn seeing
jehovah that he was going to see he called god of
in the middle of the bush and said bassinet
Moses and he answered in and here and said
do not come near, throw your shoes off
feet because the place where you are
holy land is and said I am the god of
your father god of abraham god of isaac and
God of Jacob
then moses covered his face because
he was afraid to look at god he said then
Jehovah has seen the friction of my
town that is in egypt
I heard your cry because of your ex
actors because I've known their anguish and
I have descended to rid others
the Egyptians and get them out of that
land to a good and wide land to
land that flows milk and honey to
places of the Canaanite of lete or love
fer or fbi axis dive
the cry of the children of Israel has
come in front of me and I've also seen
the oppression with which the Egyptians
oppress come so now and I will send you
Pharaoh, so you can take Egypt from me
people the children of israel
then Moses said goodbye who
it's me to go to Pharaoh and take out
Egypt to the children of Israel and he
he answered, because I will be with you and
this will be a sign to you that I have
sent when you have taken from Egypt to
I will serve the people and go out on this mountain
said Moses bye bye, here I came to
the children of israel and I tell them the god
of your parents sent me to
you if they will ask me what is
Your name that I will answer you
replied god to moisés I am the one who
I am and said so you will say to the children of
Israel
I am sent to you besides said
god or bassinet
so you will say to the children of israel jehovah
the god of your parents
The God of Abraham The God of Isaac and God
Jacob has sent me this
It's my name forever with him
will remember for all ages
go and gather the elders of israel and
tell them jehovah them from your parents the
god of abraham de isaac and jacob me
he appeared saying truly I have
visited and I've seen what you do in
Egypt I said I will take you out of the
affliction of egypt to the land of
cananeo de lepe or the master of the cereso
of I see him and I left diving to a land that
milk and honey flow, your voice was great
you and the elders of israel to the king of
Egypt and you will say jehovah the god of
Hebrews has found us therefore
we will now go three way
days in the desert for us to offer
sacrifices to jehovah to our god more
I know that the Egyptian king does not make you fragile
but by strong hand but I will extend
my hand and I will tell Egypt with all my
wonders that I will do in it and then you
will let go and I will give this people grace
in the eyes of the Egyptians so that
when you leave do not go with your hands
empty but ask each woman to her
neighbor and her guest to silver jewelry
to gold spears and dresses which
you will put on your
children and your daughters and strip 'aces'
to egypt